[WIP] add document for v5.0: Get Started (#224)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/concepts/tikv-in-5-minutes.md

---
title: TiKV in 5 Minutes
description: Get started using TiKV in 5 Minutes
menu:
    "5.1":
        parent: Get Started
        weight: 1
---

> 

Reviewer: Provide a short description for this document, and the goal.

Author: fixed

4. Use TiUP playground to start a local TiKV cluster
```bash
tiup playground --mode tikv-slim
```

5. Press `Ctrl + C` to stop the local TiKV cluster

{{< info >}}
Refer to [TiUP playground document](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tiup-playground) to find more TiUP playground commands.
{{< /info >}}

## Step 2: Monitor the cluster

Open [http://127.0.0.1:3000](http://127.0.0.1:3000) and login to the Grafana (username: admin password: admin).

Open `TiKV-Summary` page on Grafana to find the metrics of your TiKV cluster.

## Step 3: Hello, World!

### Python

1. Install `tikv-client` python package

```bash
pip3 install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ tikv-client
```

{{< info >}}
This package requires Python 3.5+.
{{< /info >}}

2. Try `RAW KV` API

Write test code

```bash
echo '
from tikv_client import RawClient

client = RawClient.connect("127.0.0.1:2379")

# put
client.put(b"k1", b"Hello")
client.put(b"k2", b",")
client.put(b"k3", b"World")
client.put(b"k4", b"!")
client.put(b"k5", b"Raw KV")

# get
print(client.get(b"k1"))

# batch get
print(client.batch_get([b"k1", b"k3"]))

# scan
print(client.scan(b"k1", end=b"k5", limit=10, include_start=True, include_end=True))

> ' > test_txn.py

Reviewer 2: would it be more helpful to wrap it in a python code block and ask users to execute it?

Reviewer 2: BTW, the file name should be `test_raw.py` instead of `test_txn.py`

Author: nice~

---
title: TiKV in 5 Minutes
description: Get started using TiKV in 5 Minutes
menu:
    "5.1":
        parent: Get Started
        weight: 1
---

> This page guides you through the quickest way to get started with TiKV, which includes:
> - setting up a local TiKV cluster with the default options,
> - monitoring the TiKV cluster,
> - writing data to and reading data from the TiKV cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides a fast-lane tutorial to get started with TiKV, which includes:
- setting up a local TiKV cluster with the default options,
- monitoring the TiKV cluster,
- writing data to and reading data from the TiKV cluster.
```
